Updates the path of the evt logs for 1903+ devices (#5153)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/troubleshooting.md

### Windows 10 version 1803 and above

> To see details related to the Autopilot profile settings and OOBE flow, Windows 10 version 1803 and above adds event log entries.  These can be viewed using Event Viewer, navigating to the log at **Application and Services Logs –> Microsoft –> Windows –> Provisioning-Diagnostics-Provider –> AutoPilot** pre-1903, or **Application and Services Logs –> Microsoft –> Windows –> ModernDeployment-Diagnostics-Provider –> AutoPilot** for 1903 and up.  The following events may be recorded, depending on the scenario and profile configuration.

Reviewer: I could be mistaken, but from the doc pages I have seen so far, I think it is more favored to use this phrasing:
```suggestion
To see details related to the Autopilot profile settings and OOBE flow, Windows 10 version 1803 and above adds event log entries.  These can be viewed using Event Viewer, navigating to the log at **Application and Services Logs –> Microsoft –> Windows –> Provisioning-Diagnostics-Provider –> AutoPilot** for versions before 1903, or **Application and Services Logs –> Microsoft –> Windows –> ModernDeployment-Diagnostics-Provider –> AutoPilot** for 1903 and above.  The following events may be recorded, depending on the scenario and profile configuration.
```
(in case Github does not manage to highlight the changes, I changed "pre-1903" to "for versions before 1903", and "for 1903 and up" to "for 1903 and above")

Author: Either way it reads better, so I've committed it - thanks for the suggestion!
